add_core = MET
owner = MET
controller = MET
culture = italiote
religion = greek_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 5
trade_goods = honey
base_manpower = 3
capital = ""
is_city = yes
small_city_walls = yes
small_harbor = yes
small_market = yes
shrine = yes
small_townhall = yes
gravel_road = yes
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
		name = river_estuary_modifier
		duration = -1
	}
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
#discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
discovered_by = western_greek

482.1.1 = {
add_core = ROM
add_core = MET
owner = ROM
controller = ROM
}
542.1.1 = {
controller = CAR
}
547.1.1 = { #Hannibal tooks all population away to save them from Rome revenge
controller = ROM
base_tax = 0
base_production = 2
}