add_core = CAL
add_core = BAB
owner = BAB
controller = BAB
culture = chaldean
religion = mesopotamian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 7
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = meat_animals
capital = ""
is_city = yes
small_city_walls = yes
small_townhall = yes
gravel_road = yes
shrine = yes
small_army_camp = yes
center_of_trade = 1
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = tell_fort
	duration = -1
}
add_province_triggered_modifier = ur_temple

215.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

235.7.1 = {
	controller = BAB
	owner = BAB
}

236.11.27 = { 
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

discovered_by = QED
#discovered_by = roman
#discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african