add_core = OEN
owner = OEN
controller = OEN
culture = oenotrian
religion = ligurian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 0
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = meat_animals
capital = ""
is_city = yes

discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
#discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
discovered_by = western_greek

274.1.1 = {
	add_core = CRO
	owner = CRO
	controller = CRO
}
375.1.1 = {
	add_core = SYR
	owner = SYR
	controller = SYR
}
387.1.1 = {
	add_core = CRO
	owner = CRO
	controller = CRO
}
394.1.1 = { #rise of bruttii
	base_manpower = 3
	add_core = BRV
	owner = BRV
	controller = BRV
	culture = lucani
}

667.1.1 = {
	add_core = ROM
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM

	culture = latin
	religion = roman_religion
}
671.1.1 = {
	add_terriorial_core = RRO
	owner = RRO
	controller = RRO
}
674.1.1 = {
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM
}