add_core = SLN
owner = SLN
controller = SLN
culture = italiote
religion = greek_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 0
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = fish
capital = ""
is_city = yes

352.1.1 = { #Hannibal Mago conquers Selinunt, protecting Segestians against Selinunt. Massive Massacre
	add_core = CAR
	owner = CAR
	controller = CAR
}
357.1.1 = { #Selinunt rises against Cartage with Dyonysios the Elder
	add_core = SLN 
owner = SLN
controller = SLN
}
368.1.1 = { #City given to Carthage in truce
	add_core = CAR
	owner = CAR
	controller = CAR
	base_production = 1
	base_manpower = 3
}
505.1.1 = {
	controller = ROM
}
513.1.1 = {
	add_core = ROM
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM
}
discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
#discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
discovered_by = western_greek
